it's week seven of na LCS I'm joined
right now by anda to do I say right
anda and apparently no one knows how to
say your name yeah everyone asked me
this question always attacks me whether
it's and over on de I think once I made
the name I kind of planned it to be anda
so let's just stick with that
and anyway covers presented by Omni
slash for this interview and how are
things going on hundred thieves because
I think a lot of people look I'm gonna
be I'm gonna level with you people are
like meteos is gone and it's that one
guy from fly quest like I don't what is
this team you're gonna be able to
accomplish anything but you guys are
really solid right now I know I'm
fortunately losing a team liquid but
looks like you guys are having a great
time what what do you think of sort of
hundred thieves right now and the status
of the team I think we're coming
together pretty well yeah I was pretty
or a lot of people thought we weren't we
wouldn't do a song because Mutis left
just guys I didn't really have a good
spring split and during the OCS so it
was pretty reasonable to say I guess but
yeah I just want to really prove that
like I'm worthy of the spot on the NLCS
and on the spot hundred days roster do
you feel like you've proven it I don't
think I've proven it yet just cuz I
still made a lot of mistakes on stage
and like even yesterday out a huge
leader in Exmouth II and I wasn't really
able to know about that lead to like a
greater snowball hell yeah you know what
what do you think went wrong yesterday
in the Team Liquid game because they
didn't have a chance to talk to anybody
from the team after that yeah the first
thing was I obviously could have
somewhat a lot harder and then we played
it or played pretty well until like the
Rif field and then we just were a little
too slow and like kind of
miscommunication where Cody didn't or to
be kind of late so we're kind of late to
the fight so they'd just had to jump on
us and I just got mouse' hardt altered
and I just died and then we kind of just
lost the fight there and then they got
Harold for free which I don't think that
should've been Oh like a pretty good
fight for us to take so yeah they use
use the Herald and they use Tom pretty
well after that yeah what's it been like
for you coming in 200 thieves what's
like the team environment like what is
playing on the team what's the house
what what's this whole experience been
like for you those the whole experience
has been really good the house is really
nice obviously and yeah there's a my
first few matches there's there was a
lot of fans out just like wish me luck
which I really appreciate and yeah the
staff and coaching staff I've been like
checking about checking up on me always
make sure I have everything I need to
succeed yeah have you formed any close
bonds with any of the staff or any of
the other players anybody that you're
like you hang out with or you wanna
chill with well I already had friends
coming into the team Cody and stunts and
then I've been doing a lot well for you
so we're pretty close now yeah how's the
duo's going you feel like you're gaining
an alter is it just more for fun a
little bit both it can get pretty tall
that time so I can get mad at times and
like yeah y'all you rage it were you
yeah he's made me dodge like 200 LP at
this point probably so a pretty pissed
how come why is he why is he making you
dodge she just doesn't like please when
we don't get mad jungle together so he
thinks it's a waste of practice so I'll
just college and switch to my other
account because I've more accounts than
him so yeah oh he makes you switch cuz
you've got the extra accounts you need
to start limiting that you need to say
like no no I'm not gonna switch some
more accounts pay your foot down what
what do you think of 100 thieves chances
because we're getting close to playoffs
we're getting and obviously playoffs
only a couple weeks before finals what
do you think your chances are running
into playoffs and then through playoffs
I think our chances are pretty good as
long as I just perform to my or to a
good standard and if I like over exceed
those standards and I think we'll do
like really well yeah anything you want
to say to any of the fans
I just want to say that since a lot of
pens we're sad that meteors left I just
want to be able to kind of fill that
void and be a solid player that people
can cheer on and yeah thanks man I
really appreciate the interview and
congratulations on the win today for
everyone else you can check out the
restaurant coverage of all things
eSports right here on my youtube channel
hey everybody thank you for supporting
Travis khafre's content if you like his
stuff please like subscribe and comment
on youtube and also make sure to
subscribe to him on Twitch because he
needs the money twitch.tv slash Travis
cafard and thank you to Omni slash for
sponsoring him and making sure he has a
home